Add document for Scheme manifest (#340)
tuist/tuist: docs/usage/2-manifest.md

Projects are defined in `Project.swift` files, which we refer to as manifest files. Manifests need to import the framework `ProjectDescription` which contains all the classes and enums that are available for you to describe your projects. The snippet below shows an example project manifest:

```swift

> let releaseScheme = Scheme(name: "App-Release",

Reviewer: Looks like this was added by mistake, the project manifest has an inline scheme

Author: I intended to extract Scheme manifest into separate variable for better readability but later have changed it to inline to keep document consistent.

- **Name:** Name of the project. It's used to determine the name of the generated Xcode project.
- **Targets:** It contains the list of targets that belong to the project. Read more [about targets](#target)

> - **Schemes:** It contains the list of schemes will be generated . Read more [about schemes](#scheme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Schemes:** It contains the list of schemes that will be generated . Read more [about schemes](#scheme)
```

  - **CurrentVersion:** Current version without the extension.
- **Environment (optional):** It's a `[String: String]` to defined variables that will be set to the scheme that Tuist automatically generates for the target.

### Scheme

> A `Scheme` will help to define a collection of targets to `Build, Run, Test, Profile, Analyze and Archive`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Scheme` defines a collection of targets to `Build, Run, Test, Profile, Analyze and Archive`:
```

> > Note: Tuist will auto-generate Scheme for each target if they are not defined. 

Reviewer: 👍

- **name: String:** Name of Scheme

> - **shared: Bool:** Scheme is shared or not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **shared: Bool:** Marks the scheme as shared (i.e. one that is checked in to the repository and is visible to `xcodebuild` from the command line)
```

- **buildAction: BuildAction?:** Scheme Build options

>     - **targets: [String]:** A list of targets will be built, which are defined in Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **targets: [String]:** A list of targets to build, which are defined in the Project
```

Reviewer: This actually surfaces a future enhancement - technically Xcode does all you to specify any target in the workspace not just the project 🙂

Author: Yes, at the moment we cannot generate Scheme with targets from different Project as Xcode does.

    - **preActions:[ [ExecutionAction](#execution-action)]:** A list of pre build actions
    - **postActions: [[ExecutionAction](#execution-action)]:** A list of post build actions
- **testAction: TestAction?:** Scheme Test options

>     - **targets: [String]:** A list of targets will be tested, which are defined in Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **targets: [String]:** A list of targets to test, which are defined in the Project
```

    - **arguments: [Arguments?](#arguments):** Commandline arguments passed on launch and Environment variables
    - **config: BuildConfiguration:** Test with  `debug` or `release` configuration

>     - **coverage: Bool:** Scheme should gather coverage data or not. Default is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **coverage: Bool:** Enables code coverage. Default is `false`
```

Good idea documenting the defaults too 👍

    - **preActions: [[ExecutionAction](#execution-action)]:** Pre test script action
    - **postActions: [[ExecutionAction](#execution-action)]:** Post test script action
- **runAction: RunAction?:** Run or Launch action
    - **config: BuildConfiguration:** Run with `debug` or `release` configuration

>     - **executable: String?:** Executable or target will be launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **executable: String?:** Executable or target to launch
```

    - **arguments: [Arguments?](#arguments):** Commandline arguments passed on launch and Environment variables
    
#### Execution Action
Scheme run scripts can be defined with the following attributes:
- **title: String:** Name of a script. Defaults to `Run Script`
- **scriptText: String:** An inline shell script

> - **target: String?:** Name of a build or test target that will provide build settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **target: String?:** Name of the build or test target that will provide the action's build settings.
```

> - **target: String?:** Name of a build or test target that will provide build settings.

Reviewer 2: In which scenarios can this attribute be optional? I'd give it a default value, `nil`.

#### Arguments
Arguments contain commandline arguments passed on launch and Environment variables
- **environment: [String: String]:** Environment variables

> - **launch: [String: Bool]:** Commandline arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **launch: [String: Bool]:** Commandline launch arguments where the key is a launch argument and the value is a boolean indicating if it's enabled
```
